                                                        CHAARACTER COUNTING ALGORITHM:

Discussion and Modelling:

    The number of characters in a string are all characters excluding the terminating character '\0' character which marks the end of string.
In a genric defination of characters blanks, tabs and '\n' are not considered characters, but in Computer Science defination (more specifically ASCII character set)
blank characters are also considered characters. For this implementation we will count these (blanlks, tabs and new-lines) characters.

Algorithm:

step 1: declare the iterating variable outside of iterating loop say 'i' and a "character_counter" variable.
step 2: iterate through the loop until '\0' character is reached.
step 3: at the end of iterating loop, i contains (number of characteres + 1, since it includes '\0' character).
step 4: assign character_counter= i - 1 (to exclude terminating character).
step 5: return character_counter. 



                                                        WORD COUNTING ALGORITHM;

Discussion and Modelling:

Word detection: 
    All words are usually seprated by one or more white space character or slash charaters. These characters are blanks, tabs, newlines slash and backslashes.
while listing values in a text words may even be seprated by commas','.

    Hence, words can be sepreated by blank(' ') or tab(\t), slash('/')or backslash('\'), comma(',').
So in general, we can iterate throuhgh the text to find a word seprating character. ones we find this character we know that a word has been read.
so we iterate the word counter. This poses a problem, what if word-seprating-characters appear contigously.

    To solve this program we introduce the variable state which keeps track that the last word was part of text of a word-seprating-character.

There are few more considerations:

Words seprated by comma:
    The common text formatting ritual follows that you should seprate different words with space when using comma.
        eg. I'm like cars, computers, football and technology.
   
    Observe how cars and computers are seprated. SO in this case (cars,) is considered a word.

words at the end of text:
consider the last line of the text. It may be : And hence, we should not burn crackers.

Note theat the last word is ended by a dot and the eof appears, hence there is a need to include '.' in word seprating characters list.
It is less likely that these sentences will end in '?' , '!' although this is a valid exception.

Algorithm:

In word counting algorithm we use a variable "state". Which tells weather current character is IN or OUT of a word while iterating through the text.

Cases:
Now while iterating through the loop the following cases may arrise.
    case 1: current character is word-seprating-character.
        In this case there are two subcases.
        
            subcase 1: state is out.
            subcase 2: state is in.
    
    case 2: character is not word seprating.
        subcases: state is IN or OUT 

step 1: declare a variable state, initialise state to OUT.
step 2: iterate through the text. if a blank character (blank, tab or newline) or slash character(slash and black)
        if (current character is word seprating)
            if(state is out)
                skip this iteration
            else
                state = OUT
                increment word counter

        if(current character is not word seprating)
            if(state is OUT)
                state = IN
            else 
                continue to next character
step 3: return word counter.


                                                        SENTENCE COUNTING ALGORITHM

Discussion and Modelling:
 A sentence starts when another sentence ends or if it is the beginning of text, and is ended by ‘.’ , ’?’ or ‘!’.
Hence, each sentence must contain 1 of these sentense-terminating characters which marks the end of current line.
So simply counting the number of these sentence-terminating characters will give the number of sentences.

Algorithm:
Step 1: Declare and initialize a sentense_counter variable to 0. 
Step 2: iterate through the text. if a sentence terminating character is encountered increment the sentense-counter.
step 3: return sentense_counter.



                                                        PARAGRAPH COUNTING ALGORITHM
Discussion and modelling:
 A paragraph is a coherent block of text, such as a group of related sentences that develop a single topic or a coherent part of a larger topic.

The beginning of a paragraph is indicated by
•	the beginning of the content, that is, the paragraph is the first content in the document, or
•	exactly one blank line preceding the paragraph text.

The end of a paragraph is indicated by
•	the end of the content, that is, the paragraph is the last content in the document, or
•	one or more blank lines following the paragraph text

A blank line contains zero or more non-printing characters, such as space or tab, followed by a new line.

For our purposes we assume that each blank line contains a newline character only.

So, based on the understanding that two paragraphs will be seprated by two or more new line charachters. And all non-empty text contain
atleast 1 paragraph.

Algorithm:
step 1: initialise a variable paragraph counter to 1.
step 2: iterate through the text until a new line character '\n' is found.
step 3: if '\n' is found fetch another character, if it is also '\n', then we know that the 2 new lines are seprating 2 paragraphs.
        On each iteration check for terminatin character.

step 4: increment paragraph-counter, iterate until the fetched character is not '\n', this eliminates subsequent '\n' from being checked.

step 5: at the end of loop return paragraph-counter.



                                                        SEARCH ALGORITHM
Discussion and Modelling:




                                                        WORD FREQUENCY ALGORITHM:

Discussion and Modelling:

In this algorithm we want to find out the number of occurences of each word. 

For this we first store all the words. then we can pass each word into search function to find its number of occurences.

To store the words we can use linked list. the purpose of using list is that its resizable and words can easily be stored along with their order.






































































input 1: 

Abstract: 
    A cell of an energy storage device with at least one electrode that is tabless, and methods of forming thereof, are
described. The cell includes a first substrate having a first coating disposed thereon, wherein a second portion of the first substrate
at a proximal end along the width of the first substrate comprises a conductive material. An inner separator is disposed over the first
substrate. A second substrate is disposed over the inner separator. The second substrate has a second coating disposed thereon. The first
substrate, the inner separator, and the second substrate in a successive manner, the first substrate, the inner separator, and the second
substrate are rolled about a central axis.

Description of the Related Art:
    Many types of battery cells are currently used as energy sources in electric
vehicles and energy-storage applications. Current cells use a jelly-roll design in which the
cathode, anode, and separators are rolled together and have a cathode tab and an anode tab to
connect to the positive and negative terminals of the cell can. The path of the current
necessarily travels through these tabs to connectors on the outside of the battery cell.
However, ohmic resistance is increased with distance when current must travel all the way
along the cathode or anode to the tab and out of the cell. Furthermore, because the tabs are
additional components, they increase costs and present manufacturing challenges.



input 2:

                                                        A CELL WITH A TABLESS ELECTRODE
BACKGROUND
The present disclosure relates to a cell for an energy storage device.
Description of the Related Art
Many types of battery cells are currently used as energy sources in electric
vehicles and energy-storage applications. Current cells use a jelly-roll design in which the
cathode, anode, and separators are rolled together and have a cathode tab and an anode tab to
connect to the positive and negative terminals of the cell can. The path of the current
necessarily travels through these tabs to connectors on the outside of the battery cell.
However, ohmic resistance is increased with distance when current must travel all the way
along the cathode or anode to the tab and out of the cell. Furthermore, because the tabs are
additional components, they increase costs and present manufacturing challenges.

SUMMARY
 For purposes of summarizing the invention and the advantages achieved
over the prior art, certain objects and advantages of the invention are described herein. Not
all such objects or advantages may be achieved in any particular embodiment of the
invention. Thus, for example, those skilled in the art will recognize that the invention may be
embodied or carried out in a manner that achieves or optimizes one advantage or group of
advantages as taught herein without necessarily achieving other objects or advantages as may
be taught or suggested herein.

 In one aspect, a cell of an energy storage device is described. The cell
comprises a first substrate comprising a first coating, wherein a second portion of the first
substrate at a proximal end along the width of the first substrate comprises a conductive
material, a second substrate comprising a second coating, and an inner separator disposed
between the first substrate and the second substrate, wherein the first substrate, the inner
separator, and the second substrate are rolled about a central axis to form a cell.

 In some embodiments, the conductive material consists essentially of the
first substrate. In some embodiments, the first substrate is a current collector. In some
embodiments, the first substrate is positioned closest to the central axis when rolled. In some
embodiments, the second substrate is positioned closest to the central axis when rolled.

 In some embodiments, a first portion of the first substrate located partway
along a width of the first substrate is coated with an electrically insulative material. In some
embodiments, the second portion is located adjacent to the first portion. In some
embodiments, the second substrate further comprises a conductive tab. In some
embodiments, the conductive tab is disposed partway along a length of the second substrate
and extends transverse to a mid-plane of the second substrate. In some embodiments, the first
substrate forms one of an anode and a cathode and the second substrate forms another of the
anode and the cathode.

 In another aspect, an energy storage device is described. The energy
storage device comprises the cell of an energy storage device, and a can comprising a first
end and a second end, wherein the first end comprises a first cap comprising a contact
surface.

 In some embodiments, the conductive material is in electrical contact with
the contact surface. In some embodiments, the first end comprises a bottom wall. In some
embodiments, each of the first and second ends are open ends. In some embodiments, the
first end of the can is configured to receive the first cap. In some embodiments, the second
end of the can is configured to receive a second cap. In some embodiments, the first cap
comprises at least one of nickel (Ni) and a Ni- based alloy. In some embodiments, the contact
surface of the first cap comprises a helically shaped groove.

 In another aspect, a method for forming a cell is described. The method
comprises providing a first substrate comprising a first coating wherein a second portion of
the first substrate at a proximal end along the width of the first substrate comprises a
conductive material, disposing an inner separator over the first substrate, providing a second
substrate comprising a second coating, disposing the second substrate over the inner
separator, and rolling the first substrate, the inner separator, and the second substrate
disposed over each other about a central axis to form a cell.

 In some embodiments, the first substrate is closest in position to the
central axis. In some embodiments, the second substrate is closest in position to the central
axis. In some embodiments, the first substrate, the inner separator, and the second substrate
are disposed over each other in a successive manner.

 In some embodiments, the method further comprises coating a first portion
of the first substrate located partway along a width of the first substrate with an electrically
insulative material. In some embodiments, the second portion is located adjacent to the first
portion. In some embodiments, the method further comprises forming a conductive tab
partway along a length of the second substrate by extending a portion of the second substrate
transverse to a mid-plane of the second substrate.

 In another aspect a method of forming an energy storage device is
described. The method comprises the method for forming a cell, and placing the cell into a
can comprising a first end and a second end, wherein the first end comprises a first cap
comprising a contact surface.

 In some embodiments, the method further comprises electrically
connecting the conductive material with the contact surface.

 All of these embodiments are intended to be within the scope of the
invention herein disclosed. These and other embodiments of the present invention will
become readily apparent to those skilled in the art from the following detailed description of
the preferred embodiments having reference to the attached figures, the invention not being
limited to any particular preferred embodiment(s) disclosed.